Release 4.15.3 (#216)
blackbaud/skyux-theme: CHANGELOG.md

# 4.15.3 (2021-03-23)

> - Updated the change detection for `skyThemeIf` to use lifecycle hook. [#215](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-theme/pull/215)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the change detection for `skyThemeIf` so that it uses a lifecycle hook. [#215](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-theme/pull/215)
```
